[Outlook](Script Lab for Outlook) Updates current SL article to include Outlook (#1951)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/explore-with-script-lab.md

---
title: Explore Office JavaScript API using Script Lab
description: 'Use Script Lab to explore the Office JS API and to prototype functionality.'
ms.date: 06/10/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.custom: scenarios:getting-started
localization_priority: Priority
---

# Explore Office JavaScript API using Script Lab

> The [Script Lab add-in](https://appsource.microsoft.com/product/office/WA104380862) and [Script Lab for Outlook add-in](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/product/office/WA200001603?tab=Overview), which are available free from AppSource, enable you to explore the Office JavaScript API while you're working in an Office program such as Excel or Word. Script Lab is a convenient tool to add to your development toolkit as you prototype and verify functionality you want in your add-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Script Lab](https://appsource.microsoft.com/product/office/WA104380862) and [Script Lab for Outlook](https://appsource.microsoft.com/product/office/WA200001603) add-ins, available free from AppSource, enable you to explore the Office JavaScript API while you're working in an Office program such as Excel or Outlook. Script Lab is a convenient tool to add to your development toolkit as you prototype and verify functionality you want in your own add-in.
```

## What is Script Lab?

> Script Lab is a tool for anyone who wants to learn how to develop Office Add-ins using the Office JavaScript API in Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook. It provides IntelliSense so you can see what's available and is built on the Monaco framework, the same framework used by Visual Studio Code. Through Script Lab, you can access a library of samples to quickly try out features or you can use a sample as the starting point for your own code. You can even use Script Lab to try preview APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Script Lab is a tool for anyone who wants to learn how to develop Office Add-ins using the Office JavaScript API in Excel, Outlook, Word, and PowerPoint. It provides IntelliSense so you can see what's available and is built on the Monaco framework, the same framework used by Visual Studio Code. Through Script Lab, you can access a library of samples to quickly try out features or you can use a sample as the starting point for your own code. You can even use Script Lab to try preview APIs.
```

- Office 2016 or later on Mac
- Office on the web

Script Lab for Outlook is available on the following clients.

- Outlook 2013 or later on Windows

> - Office 2016 or later on Mac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Outlook 2016 or later on Mac
```

> - Office on the web when using Chrome, Microsoft Edge, or Safari browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Outlook on the web when using Chrome, Microsoft Edge, or Safari browsers
```

> For complete details on Script Lab for Outlook, see the [Script Lab now supports Outlook blog post](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/office/blogs/script-lab-now-supports-outlook/) available on the Office 365: Developer Blog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on Script Lab for Outlook, see the related [blog post](https://developer.microsoft.com/outlook/blogs/script-lab-now-supports-outlook/).
```

## Next steps

To use Script Lab in Excel, Word, or PowerPoint, install the [Script Lab add-in](https://appsource.microsoft.com/product/office/WA104380862) from AppSource. 

> To use Script Lab for Outlook, install the [Script Lab for Outlook add-in](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-US/product/office/wa200001603?tab=overview) from AppSource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Script Lab for Outlook, install the [Script Lab for Outlook add-in](https://appsource.microsoft.com/product/office/wa200001603) from AppSource.
```

You're welcome to expand the sample library in Script Lab by contributing new snippets to the [office-js-snippets](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-snippets#office-js-snippets) GitHub repository.

> When you're ready to create your first Office Add-in, try out the quick start for [Excel](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-jquery.md), [Outlook](../quickstarts/outlook-quickstart.md), [Word](../quickstarts/word-quickstart.md), [OneNote](../quickstarts/onenote-quickstart.md), [PowerPoint](../quickstarts/powerpoint-quickstart.md), or [Project](../quickstarts/project-quickstart.md).

Reviewer: In the See also section, there's a link to "Get Script Lab". We'll need to add an entry to "Get Script Lab for Outlook".
